git-and-github.md, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
title: "Git and Github"
---
In this class, we will be working with multiple git repositories, much the way you would in professional practice.

### Workflows
We often talk of _workflows_ in how we work, a pattern of steps to accomplish a goal.  The following workflows are sequences of git commands you will probably use in this course, and probably in later courses and industry as well.

* [Cloning a Starter Project]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/cloning-a-starter-project.md %}) to create a local shallow clone of a starter project repository.
* [Cloning your origin repository]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/clone.md %}) to create a local repository.
* [Committing changes]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/committing-changes.md %}) on a local repository.
* [Pushing changes on a local repository]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/pushing-changes.md %}) to your origin repository.
* [Pulling changes from your origin repository]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/pull-origin.md %}) to a local repository.
* [Resolving merge conflicts]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/merge-conflicts.md %}) after a merge or pull.
* [Creating a release]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/create-release.md %}) on your origin repository to turn as your assignment.

Commit message:

Added Windows Starter project link

git-and-github.md, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
title: "Git and Github"
---
In this class, we will be working with multiple git repositories, much the way you would in professional practice.

### Starter Projects
You can find the class starter projects here:
* [Windows Starter](https://github.com/ksu-cis/MonoGameWindowsStarter)

### Workflows
We often talk of _workflows_ in how we work, a pattern of steps to accomplish a goal.  The following workflows are sequences of git commands you will probably use in this course, and probably in later courses and industry as well.

* [Cloning a Starter Project]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/cloning-a-starter-project.md %}) to create a local shallow clone of a starter project repository.
* [Cloning your origin repository]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/clone.md %}) to create a local repository.
* [Committing changes]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/committing-changes.md %}) on a local repository.
* [Pushing changes on a local repository]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/pushing-changes.md %}) to your origin repository.
* [Pulling changes from your origin repository]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/pull-origin.md %}) to a local repository.
* [Resolving merge conflicts]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/merge-conflicts.md %}) after a merge or pull.
* [Creating a release]({{site.baseurl}}{% link _git-workflows/create-release.md %}) on your origin repository to turn as your assignment.
